In the previous lesson you've seen how the answer is loaded from database and then presented in our
application.
Now in this lesson we'll be doing a little bit changes in `show` view because we put the question detail
and all related answers together in a single file.
I think it would be better to split them into separate files
because it will make our code better organized
and easy to maintain. After we've done that then we'll get into building out a new feature that allows us
to be able to create new answer on any questions.
All right let's switch over to our terminal and create new branch.
Now let's open
show.blade.php
And here we have a bunch of code to show question body and all related answers
just in a single file.
So before we continue to build answer form
let's split the code from this file into a separate
file.
I think it would be better to put the question part in one file and answers part in another.
So here let's cut these answers part.
Go to views
and here let's create
new folder
and call it answers
inside this folder
let's create new file and call it let's say _index.blade.php again
here's the underscore in the front of the file name in Laravel is not necessary.
You don't have to follow that
this just my style preference to indicate that
this file is partial file and it will be included in
other view. Inside this file
just paste the previous code
here in the heading
let's change this
to`answersCount` and change this for each to `answers`.
Now we can switch to show.blade.php and here we can
include our view by calling `include`. The first argument
will be our partial view or child view
in this case `answers._index` and here because
we call `answersCount` and `answers`
So here we can define that variables by specify in the second argument an array. In here we simply map the
variable that will be exist in our child view with any value.
So `answers`
question answers and then `answersCount`
question answers
count. Let's save all changes.
And let's make sure that our show question page
is working as it was
OK
It's working as it was and we were ready to go.